# Announcement

Hello everyone!

On Friday, November 9th of last year, I decided to challenge myself. I had just begun learning Python and how to use the rewrite version of discord.py. At the time, there was a battle going on between two of the largest YouTube channels, PewDiePie and T-Series. I saw an opportunity to start a bot dedicated to the war between the two named T-Series. For the next few days, I worked hard adding new features to the bot. Later on, I had the opportunity to work on a different project abandoning the bot for the next month. I got fired from that project and went back to working on the T-Series bot. I met many new people through this process.
A rival bot entitled PewDiePie came along and the owner and I of that bot worked tirelessly on our bots. Unfortunately, I caused a problem and me and the PewDiePie bot owner split ways. The PewDiePie bot owner was so distraught with my actions that he caused the deletion of the PewDiePie bot. Seeing an opportunity here and the old PewDiePie bot was gaining a lot of servers, I stole the idea and renamed the T-Series bot to PewDiePie.

After this, the now PewDiePie bot started to gain a lot of traction. We were gaining a ton of servers. I remember spending until 3 AM trying to resolve problems with the bot on my phone since I had to go to school in the morning. I used to spent hours upon hours on Discord working on the bot daily. As time progressed, my interest in developing the bot diminished and development slowed down. Around this time, YouTube announced that they were going to abbreviate subscriber counts, ending the age of live sub counts. As the biggest features of the bot were built upon live sub counts, the bot wasn't of great use anymore. A few weeks back, Discord started an investigation into the bot for breaking the Terms of Service and the bot ultimately being deleted. This resulted in it leaving around 2,600 servers. Even though we created another bot account, we haven't seen much interest in using the bot anymore. This has greatly contributed to this announcement.
Together, the other developers and I have met and voted, and due to the reasons stated above, the bot will no longer be supported any further. The code will remain on Github if you would like to run your own instance of the PewDiePie bot. We are sorry for any inconveniences caused by our decision to not work or run the bot anymore.

If you have any questions, please ask us in [#general](https://discordapp.com/channels/499357399690379264/499357399690379266).

Thank you everyone for supporting the bot throughout its lifetime. If you have any new bot ideas, please see [#bot-ideas](https://discordapp.com/channels/499357399690379264/649809352567291905/).
